docs: Use meta page info from HTML in Markdown (#1347)
OSGeo/grass-addons: src/raster/r.green/r.green.gshp/r.green.gshp.md

> ---
> description: Computes the residual energy potential of different renewable energies like biomass or hydropower
> ---
> 
> # Computes the residual energy potential of different renewable energies like biomass or hydropower
> 
> [![image-alt](grass_logo.png)](https://grass.osgeo.org/grass-stable/manuals/index.html)
> 
> -----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
name: r.green.gshp
description: Computes the residual energy potential of different renewable energies like biomass or hydropower
---

# Computes the residual energy potential of different renewable energies like biomass or hydropower
```
